[release] Update changelog for 2024q4 release (#1248)
modm-io/modm: CHANGELOG.md

<!--releases-->

## 2025-01-01: 2024q4 release

This release covers everything from 2024-10-01 and has been tested with avr-gcc
v13.2.0 from Upstream and arm-none-eabi-gcc v13.2.1 from xpack.

Breaking changes:

**Protothreads and Resumables are deprecated! Please use Fibers instead!**
Note that you can disable the deprecation by resetting the option
`modm:processing:protothread:use_fiber` to `false`, however, you will be limited
to using GCC12 as GCC13 and newer does not compile our implementation anymore.

A shim is provided to allow the use of Protothreads and Resumables with Fibers
without any significant modification of the existing code. However you must
replace the main loop calling all protothreads with the fiber scheduler:

```cpp
int main()
{
    /*
    while(true)
    {
        protothread1.update();
        protothread2.update();
    }
    */
    modm::fiber::Scheduler::run();
    return 0;
}
```

The `modm:processing:protothread` and `modm:processing:resumable` modules will

> be removed in 2026. Please port your code to use fibers instead. Consult the

Reviewer: Another >1 year with protothreads? 😱 
```suggestion
be removed by the end of 2025. Please port your code to use fibers instead. Consult the
```

Author: No! I meant that 2025q4 is technically in 2026, but this is clearer.

Reviewer: I already assumed that and like it, but I think the wording with 2026 might seem unclear to other people.
